	Lois Lowry, author of The Giver, once wrote that a utopia was “The life where nothing was ever unexpected. Or inconvenient. Or unusual. The life without colour, pain or past.” For if any of these were untrue, the utopia could not exist. Yet, each of these characteristics is entirely engrained in human nature. Thus, the sole method of creating a utopia: getting rid of humans. In my world-wide utopia, humans would disappear, which would rid the world of society's human problems, protect Earth's ecosystems' from destruction, and allow for an utopian Animal Empire to rise.

	The first advantage of my human-less world-wide utopia would be the end of many of human society's problems such as poverty, warfare, hunger, and disease. The first issue of human society which would be rectified is poverty. Throughout history, humanity has been a race of classes, the kings, the nobles, the peasants, the slaves. With all humans dead, every single one would be entirely equal in one everlasting class, death. The second major problem which would be solved is warfare. There has never been a single year in human history in which two nations, or tribes, or clans were fighting bloodly in war. In the twentieth century alone, at least 108 million people have died because of war. The third issue to be solved is hunger. Over ten percent of the entire world population is crtically malnourished, and require immediate attention. The fourth dilemna that would be solved is disease. Disease is the largest killer of humans there has ever been.  Millions and millions of people die each year, often in pain, from diseases such as heart disease, ebola, and cholera. With these issues and problems gone, billions of humans would be done with the misery and pain of disease, poverty, hunger, and warfare.

	The second advantage of creating a human-less utopia is the survival of Earth's precious ecosystems. In today's world, humans are destroying forests, marine reefs, swamps, rivers, entire oceans, and many other biomes and ecosystems with pollution, overhunting, deforestation, and land conversion. At today's rate of deforestation (with no increase in the rate though that is likely), within one hundred years, Earth will have no more rainforests. Every second, one and a half acres of forest is cut down. That leaves only 33 percent of wild forests left. The current loss of forests contributes to between twelve and seventeen percent of anual global greenhouse gas emissions. Twenty-eight percent of the world's coral reefs have been destroyed. They are being destroyed at twice the rate of rainforests. Rivers and oceans are being polluted with oil, plastic, and other materials which are killing fish and other species. By 2048, from overfishing and pollution, there will be no more seafood. The damage being done to Earth by humans is incomprehensible and needs to be stopped at all costs, even if that means the death of seven billion humans.

	The third reason for a human-less world-wide utopia is that it would allow for the rise of the Utopian Animal Empire. Without human interaction, many animals are able to thrive and live in utopia-like conditions. The Empire would be run by a council of three animals, each one the Monarch of their respective Kingdoms. The Empire would consist of the Five Animal Kingdoms, the Kingdom of Earth, the Kingdom of the Atmosphere, and the Marine Kingdom. Each Kingdom has three branches, the Executive Branch, the Legislative Branch, and the Judicial Branch. The Executive Branch of the Kingdoms consist of the Monarch, his Cabinet, an Executive Committee consisting of three elected animals, and the Federal agnecies and departments. An Executive Committee has the authority to override any decision made by the Monarch with a 2/3 super majority. The Legislative Branch consists of the Senate, and Parliament. The Senate consists of one representative from each Genus in their respective Kingdoms. Parliament consists of one representative for every one hundred tons that a genus weighs. The Judiciary Branch is headed by the Cardinal Court (Supreme Court), auxiliary to it are the Appellate COurts of Animalism, and under that are the Courts of Animalism. This system, full of sincere and perfect animals, would create the perfect utopia: the Utopian Animal Empire.

	The world-wide and human-less utopia which I would create, if given the opportunity, would help lead to the rise of the Utopian Animal Empire, would protect the world's natural ecosystems from irreversible damage and destruction, and would end the destructive practices and conditions of human society. In fact, the only way to create an actual utopia is to rid it of human kind. Throughout history, any attempt to make a utopia has resulted in failure because of the greed of human leaders,the racism of the human people, and other human characteristics, which simply do not exist in animals. Thus, Animalism and the rise of the Utopian Animal Empire is the sole method of creating a utopia on Earth.

